Adding release process documentation (#23)
maas/terraform-provider-maas: README.md

### Resources and Data Sources Configuration

The [docs](/docs) section contains details about each supported Terraform resource and data source.

### Release process

1. Create a new branch from `master` as `release-vX.X.X`
   ```bash
   git branch release-vX.X.X master
   git push -u origin release-vX.X.X
   ```
2. Raise a PR on github, title of the PR should be in the following format
   `Release vX.X.X`
3. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` with your release version, date and change details.
4. Go to [Releases](https://github.com/maas/terraform-provider-maas/releases) over on github
5. Click [Draft a new release](https://github.com/maas/terraform-provider-maas/releases/new)

> 6. On `Target` choose the lastest commit you want to release for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. On `Target` choose the latest commit you want to release for
```

### Resources and Data Sources Configuration

The [docs](/docs) section contains details about each supported Terraform resource and data source.

### Release process

1. Checkout main and create a new branch as `release-vX.X.X`
   ```bash

>    git checkout main  

Reviewer: Hmm, branch here is still called 'master'

We'd like to change it but don't want to break all your clones

Author: My mistake, fixed it.

> 1. Checkout master and create a new branch as `release-vX.X.X`
>    ```bash
>    git checkout master  
>    git checkout -b release-vX.X.X
>    git push -u origin release-vX.X.X
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a new branch from `master` as `release-vX.X.X`
   ```bash
   git branch release-vX.X.X master
   git push -u origin release-vX.X.X
   ```

```

Author: Rephrased the sentence as suggested. Thanks

Reviewer: You missed the changes to the git commands?

I supplied different commands which avoid you checking out two branches (master, then the release branch) when all you need to do is create the branch and push it to GitHub.

Your version will leave your local checkout on the release which is an unlikely location to be wanting to make changes :shrug:

Author: Ok, I will update them. 
It is just usually how I create a new branch, off from a base. 
`git checkout -b` is for creating a new branch.

2. Raise a PR on github, title of the PR should be in the following format
   `Release vX.X.X`
3. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` with your release version, date and change details.
4. Go to [Releases](https://github.com/maas/terraform-provider-maas/releases) over on github
5. Click [Draft a new release](https://github.com/maas/terraform-provider-maas/releases/new)
6. On `Target` choose the lastest commit you want to release for
7. Set the `release title` to the release version, for example `v1.0.1`

> 8. Copy and paste the relevant CHNAGELOG.md entries to the release description

Author: Thanks, fixed the typo.

> 8. Copy and paste the relevant CHNAGELOG.md entries to the release description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Copy and paste the relevant CHANGELOG.md entries to the release description
```
